[AGM-1844] Safari extensions update (#380)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-safari/extensions.md

To block ads, trackers, and annoyances on websites, AdGuard uses filtering rules. The rules from AdGuard's and your custom filters are converted into ones comprehensible by Safari and are integrated into 6 Safari extensions:

- AdGuard General
- AdGuard Privacy
- AdGuard Social
- AdGuard Security
- AdGuard Other

Each content-blocking extension can include up to 150,000 active filtering rules. The number of rules within most filter groups does not surpass 150,000. However, if you activate too many language-specific or custom filters, you might exceed the limit. In such cases, random rules that are over the limit will be automatically disabled, which may lead to incorrect blocking. **We strongly recommend activating only the filters you need**.

> There is also one more extension responsible for other features: *AdGuard for Safari*, which enables AdGuard's icon next to the search bar in Safari and allows using advanced rules to block complex ads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is one more extension responsible for other features: *AdGuard for Safari*, which activates the AdGuard icon next to the search bar in Safari and allows using advanced rules to block complex ads.
```
как будто тут лучше aсtivate по смыслу, @ss-orlova?

Reviewer 2: хм, может add вообще?

To block ads, trackers, and annoyances on websites, AdGuard uses filtering rules. The rules from AdGuard's and your custom filters are converted into ones comprehensible by Safari and are integrated into 6 Safari extensions:

- AdGuard General
- AdGuard Privacy
- AdGuard Social
- AdGuard Security
- AdGuard Other

Each content-blocking extension can include up to 150,000 active filtering rules. The number of rules within most filter groups does not surpass 150,000. However, if you activate too many language-specific or custom filters, you might exceed the limit. In such cases, random rules that are over the limit will be automatically disabled, which may lead to incorrect blocking. **We strongly recommend activating only the filters you need**.

There is also one more extension responsible for other features:

> - *AdGuard for Safari* enables AdGuard's icon next to the search bar in Safari and allows using advanced rules to block complex ads

Reviewer 2: смущает, что маркированный список состоит из одного пункта теперь. может уберем и объединим с предыдущим предложением?

User rules and allowlist rules are included into every extension.

## AdGuard for Safari

*AdGuard for Safari* enables the AdGuard icon next to the search bar. It's useful if you want to quickly set up protection on a particular website or block ads manually. It also contains advanced rules that aren't converted into the format supported by Safari. This includes CSS rules, CSS selectors, and scriptlets that allow AdGuard to block complex ads — for example, on YouTube.

## How to manage Safari extensions

1. Open Safari and click *Safari* in the upper left corner of the screen to expand the menu.
    ![Safari settings *mobile](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/safari/adguard-for-safari-settings1.png)
1. Click *Settings...*
1. Select *Extensions*.
    ![Extensions tab](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/safari/adguard-for-safari-extensions1.png)

## Why AdGuard for Safari requires permission

> When enabling the extension *AdGuard for Safari*, you might notice that it requires **access to web page content** and **access to browsing history**. Here's why it needs these permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabling the *AdGuard for Safari* extension, you might notice that it requires **access to web page content** and **access to browsing history**. Here's why it needs these permissions:
```

Reviewer: или просто When enabling *AdGuard for Safari*

Reviewer 2: упоминание экстеншна норм тут, чтобы не путать с самой приложухой

## How to manage Safari extensions

1. Open Safari and click *Safari* in the upper left corner of the screen to expand the menu.
    ![Safari settings *mobile](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/safari/adguard-for-safari-settings1.png)
1. Click *Settings...*
1. Select *Extensions*.
    ![Extensions tab](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/safari/adguard-for-safari-extensions1.png)

## Why some extensions require permissions

> When enabling some Safari extensions, you might notice that they ask for **access to web page content** and **access to browsing history**. Here's why AdGuard for Safari needs them:

Reviewer 2: сейчас подумала, что у нас остался один экстеншн, который требует пермишнов. может поменять some extensions на AdGuard for Safari?
